c:\users\aman.pawar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AngularAPP\AngularAPP\bin\AngularAPP.dll.config
c:\users\aman.pawar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AngularAPP\AngularAPP\bin\AngularAPP.dll
c:\users\aman.pawar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AngularAPP\AngularAPP\bin\AngularAPP.pdb
c:\users\aman.pawar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AngularAPP\AngularAPP\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\aman.pawar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AngularAPP\AngularAPP\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\aman.pawar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AngularAPP\AngularAPP\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\aman.pawar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AngularAPP\AngularAPP\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\aman.pawar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AngularAPP\AngularAPP\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\aman.pawar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AngularAPP\AngularAPP\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\aman.pawar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AngularAPP\AngularAPP\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\aman.pawar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AngularAPP\AngularAPP\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\aman.pawar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AngularAPP\AngularAPP\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\aman.pawar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AngularAPP\AngularAPP\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\aman.pawar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AngularAPP\AngularAPP\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\aman.pawar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AngularAPP\AngularAPP\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\aman.pawar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AngularAPP\AngularAPP\obj\Debug\AngularAPP.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\aman.pawar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AngularAPP\AngularAPP\obj\Debug\AngularAPP.dll
c:\users\aman.pawar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AngularAPP\AngularAPP\obj\Debug\AngularAPP.pdb
c:\users\aman.pawar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AngularAPP\AngularAPP\bin\System.Web.Cors.dll
c:\users\aman.pawar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AngularAPP\AngularAPP\bin\System.Web.Http.Cors.dll
c:\users\aman.pawar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AngularAPP\AngularAPP\bin\System.Web.Http.Cors.xml
