c:\users\aman.pawar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MovieWebApplication\MovieWebApplication\bin\MovieWebApplication.dll.config
c:\users\aman.pawar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MovieWebApplication\MovieWebApplication\bin\MovieWebApplication.dll
c:\users\aman.pawar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MovieWebApplication\MovieWebApplication\bin\MovieWebApplication.pdb
c:\users\aman.pawar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MovieWebApplication\MovieWebApplication\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\aman.pawar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MovieWebApplication\MovieWebApplication\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\aman.pawar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MovieWebApplication\MovieWebApplication\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\aman.pawar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MovieWebApplication\MovieWebApplication\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\aman.pawar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MovieWebApplication\MovieWebApplication\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\aman.pawar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MovieWebApplication\MovieWebApplication\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\aman.pawar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MovieWebApplication\MovieWebApplication\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
c:\users\aman.pawar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MovieWebApplication\MovieWebApplication\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
c:\users\aman.pawar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MovieWebApplication\MovieWebApplication\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\aman.pawar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MovieWebApplication\MovieWebApplication\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\aman.pawar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MovieWebApplication\MovieWebApplication\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\aman.pawar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MovieWebApplication\MovieWebApplication\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
c:\users\aman.pawar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MovieWebApplication\MovieWebApplication\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\aman.pawar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MovieWebApplication\MovieWebApplication\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
c:\users\aman.pawar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MovieWebApplication\MovieWebApplication\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\aman.pawar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MovieWebApplication\MovieWebApplication\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\aman.pawar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MovieWebApplication\MovieWebApplication\obj\Debug\MovieWebApplication.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\aman.pawar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MovieWebApplication\MovieWebApplication\obj\Debug\MovieWebApplication.dll
c:\users\aman.pawar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MovieWebApplication\MovieWebApplication\obj\Debug\MovieWebApplication.pdb
